folks this has to be one of my favorite
no pun intended Notification Center
widgets it's called favorite contacts
and why is it so great well it's so
great because it actually uses your
favorites in your phone app to work let
me just show your my phone app here
here's my favorite and my phone app only
have one no one likes me it's idb and I
have that set as a favorite no this
notification center widgets actually
going to pull in the favorites that I
have set already in my phone app and put
them in Notification Center let me just
go ahead and enable favorite contacts if
I slide down here you see my favorite
with the photo and all so I don't have
to add any additional contacts and from
there I can call message or email that
particular contact and if I had more
contacts in there they would all appear
in favorite contacts for notification
center so that's why I really like it so
much now if you happen to delete the
contact and all you need to do is go
back into your settings disable and
enable the widget just like that and
slide down and bam it's gone just like
that so it's super simple super easy
it's called favorite contacts for
notification center you can scoop it up
for a dollar on Sidious bigboss repo
really doesn't get any cheaper than that
on cydia it displays your favorite speed
dial contacts from your telephone app
you can display names and contact
pictures of your preferred contacts and
allows you to email and text message
alone with calling them this plug-in
uses all your original favorites from
your mobile phone app for speed dial so
it makes it super simple super easy you
probably already have favorite set up so
all you need to do is enable this
jailbreak widget to get started now you
can win your own copy of favorite
context for notification center and
here's how you do it number one follow
anti download blog on Twitter super
simple super easy like our simple
giveaways number two follow me at Jeff
bin jam on twitter i change my twitter
name yes and number three retweet the
video and special things goes out to two
peaches the developer of this great
jailbreak tweak we're picking five
winners at random and we'll announce the
winners tomorrow so retweet the video
ASAP for a chance to win this is jeff
with iDownloadBlog